Welcome back.
We've gotten this part all done.
We've created the JWT tokened and we're sending it out front to the client.
Now the client is going to be able to send back the GW token and get the profile.
Now there's one other step that we need to have here because we're going to try and incorporate session
management as well with rattus and instead of just now using the data verify with the JWT token we're
going to actually store the JWT Dogan in our rattus database and by storing it in our database we have
full control to see what tokens are available what tokens we've given out and also revoke them any time
that we want.
All we need to do is just delete them from the database.
And now even if a user tries to get the profile with that token because we've removed it it no longer
is able to access that information.
And this gives us a lot of power and maneuverability when a user hits sign up when a user hits sign
out.
For example we can't remove that token from our database.
So in this video we're going to actually add rattus to our backend and store this JWT token into our
read us database so that when a user checks and ask for the profile we check our rattus database for
that token.
And if all checks out we send them the package.
Let's get started.
In order to have rattus working and being able to use on our server we need to actually install the
red S client and in our case we need the red is client from NPM
and we see that it's a nice and PM install and it gives us a nice little example of why we can do let's
install rattus for now.
And by the way we're not going to add rattus to our dock or container yet we're going to do that.
And one of the upcoming exercises.
But for now because we're still developing it make sure everything works.
We're gonna have it completely separate from our doctor container.
Now I'm going to bring back the container so everything is running and we have the reddest package installed.
Now in our seinen Let's go to our page and at the very top ad our new rattus package we simply require
it from the Radice package we just installed.
And now we see that in order to have access to it we simply do client equals red s dot create client.
And once we create the client we can just do our commands that we've seen before with Reddy's.
I can't say that I can say that I can check the H keys and do all these commands.
Again there is a lot of really nice documentation here for our purposes though.
Let's just create this client right now.
We're going to say set up Berettas and create this client.
And just to be descript If you're like actually naming it rattus client now this read as client as parameter
actually receives as default local host.
But I like being explicit.
And when we actually transition to docker or another server we're going to have to say where the host
is.
For now I'm just going to say local host or our good old friend 1:27 0 one.
Now if I save this I'll get an error saying that Radice connection failed.
Well because we're not running rattus remember.
In order for us to connect to something we have to start the read a server.
And luckily for us in the red US S. we've already installed it right.
We go back to our desktop.
We see that yeah we have our rattus package here and we can just start it all just say that we're going
to add a new window and let's make this a little bit bigger.
And here I'm just going to go into my red folder and run the rattus server command.
All right.
It's ready to accept connections.
Let's go back.
And refresh and we see that we still are getting this error.
Now why is this.
Let's think about this based on what we've learned about docker and all these connections.
What are we missing here.
Well if you remember our back end is running in a docker container.
This Stockard container has a whole different idea of what localhost is.
It's completely different than what we have on our machine.
That is our computer localhost.
If we go to our doctor compose file we see that we do port forwarding in order for us to actually access
localhost 3000.
But for rattus we don't actually have any of that set up yet.
So before we go ahead and even though we have our local server running we actually want it to be run
on docker.
Otherwise we have to change our entire setup.
And I think this is a good step to make sure that we have a nice running rattus server within our doc
file so that we don't have to worry about who is connected to what what is connected to where all we
need to do is to make sure that we do some port forwarding so we can access that.
So before we get into the next video I want to challenge you based on what we've learned about docker
up until now.
Can you quickly set up a new rattus service right down here and have it connected to the back end API
so that you're getting this error.
I'll see in that one by.